doHire(): entered
doHire(): exited
doHire(): entered
doHire(): exited
doHire(): entered
doHire(): exited
doHire(): entered
doHire(): exited
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
generateNewDB(): entered
generateNewDB(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
checkFileName(): entered
checkFileName(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
editEmployee(): entered
editEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
doPromote(): entered
doPromote(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
editEmployee(): entered
editEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
main(): exited
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): exited
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
searchEmployee(): entered
searchEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
searchEmployee(): entered
searchEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
editEmployee(): entered
editEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
searchEmployee(): entered
searchEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
searchEmployee(): entered
searchEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): exited
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
editEmployee(): entered
editEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): entered
loadDBfromFile(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
editEmployee(): entered
editEmployee(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): exited
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
doPromote(): entered
doPromote(): exited
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): exited
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
main(): entered
displayMenu(): entered
